Describe the limitations of the Sortable options (#933)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/DraggableBase/1 Configuration/group.md

Allows you to group several widgets, so that users can drag and drop items between them.

---

> Set this option to identical values for the widgets you want to collect in a single group. This allows users to drag and drop rows between components only in the UI. To handle drag and drop in code, implement the [onRemove]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onRemove) and/or [onAdd]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onAdd) handlers. These handlers are executed when users drop items to the target component.      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this option to identical values for the widgets you want to collect in a single group. This allows users to drag and drop rows between components, but only in the UI. To handle drag and drop in code, implement the [onAdd]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onAdd) and [onRemove]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onRemove) handlers. Both these handlers are executed simultaneously when an item is dropped to the target component, but **onAdd** is executed in the target component, while **onRemove** is executed in the source component.
```

Allows you to group several widgets, so that users can drag and drop items between them.

---

> Set this option to identical values for the widgets you want to collect in a single group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set this option to identical values for the widgets you want to collect into a single group.
```

---
Set this option to identical values for the widgets you want to collect in a single group.

> To perform cross-component drag and drop, implement the [onRemove]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onRemove) and/or [onAdd]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onAdd) handlers. These handlers are executed when users drop items to the target component.      

Reviewer: There's no connection with the information given before. Please rewrite this article in a more cohesive manner.
